Use AudioWorklet instead of ScriptProcessor (#9175)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/media-recording-audio/index.md

sources to nodes which can process the audio data (adjust Gain etc.) and
ultimately to a speaker so that the user can hear it.

One of the nodes that you can connect is an `AudioWorkletNode`. This node gives
you the low-level capability for custom audio processing. The actual audio
processing happens in the `process()` callback method in the `AudioWorkletProcessor`.

> This function is called to feed inputs and parameters and fetch outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call this function to feed inputs and parameters and fetch outputs.
```

[Active voice](https://developers.google.com/style/voice)

> Checkout [Enter Audio Worklet](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/audio-worklet/)

Reviewer 2: I think this be "Check out" instead.

Reviewer: Fixed this! Are you happy to sign off on the little bit of JS? @mjwilson-google

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the fix!  I didn't check the JavaScript in detail; if you still need a full review please ping me again (may not get to it today).
